---
layout: post
title: "Meeting Minutes: June 13th"
date: 2013-06-14 18:48
comments: true
categories: [Meeting Minutes] 
---
###Baynton Hill Neighbors Association
####June 13, 2013
#####In Attendance: Amanda Staples, Matt McFarland, Chris & Helen Nicholson, Ross Henessey, Tom ???, Darcy

####What do you like and dislike about your neighborhood?
Things people like:
: Quiet, Trees, Friendliness of neighbors, Old architecture, Contrast of City/Country look and feel

Things people don't like
: Violence, blight, stupid street trees, trash/litter, lack of resturants

####Agenda Items
* We would like to finally approve the bylaws.  The city has possibly changed the applicaiton process to be a little easier.
    * Reviewed the proposed bylaws 
    * By next meeting (July) we will formalize a document, feedback is requested by the end of June
    
* 5345 baynton St (Empty Lot). 
    * Michael Holland is moving into Penn St awaiting his negotiations with the city on this lot.
    * Glen B. has expressed interest in the lot as well and was upset to discover there were plans in the works for it.
    * We encourage attendence at BHNA meetings to discuss these issues. 
    * The group has no formal response or endorsement, however we can act as a forum to hear plans and provide individual feedback.
    
* Block Captain
    * Ross has not gotten his signature yet for his candidacy, so no movement yet
    * Coulter St captain could not be located, no official captain is registered
        
* Gun Violence
    * Shooting on Wakefield/Coulter.
    * Apparently shooting started blocks away and continued to Wakefield.  Police reported no injuries.
    * Wondering what we can do, options aren't apparent. We'd like to send letters to those in the city whose jobs regard public safety. 

* Contacts in local apartment
    * The current group members would like to establish more contacts with the residents of the apartments on the block
    * Should we have a block party/neighborhood party?

* Road Construction (New Pipes)
    * New gas line on Church Ln on Baynton Ave.
    * We don't know how much construction, or how long it will last, or what the street closures will be like.

* 234 E Penn St Auction
    * Up for auction on June 2?.  The Jukowski's are interested in attending to see what happens and possibly make a bid

* Email policy
    * Privacy policy for emails, no change.  Emails will remain public.

* The art work on Rufe St is covered with weeds, we'd like to free them up again
* Announcment for the "Imperfect Gallery"'s fundraising effort.
* Maplewood mall has several events the next two weekends regarding Juneteenth and also the revitalization of the mall.

* Proposed new meeting date: Monday July 15th, 7pm

###Action Items:

(Matt) Make a map of our boundaries for the bylaws document 
(All) Review bylaws document and provide feedback via email by July 1st
(Ross) Check Wakefield, Penn, Lena St block captains
(Matt) Draft letters for local politician regarding our conern for gun violence
(Matt) Chop up some weeds around the art work on Rufe St
