---
layout: post
title: "Meeting Minutes: July 30th"
date: 2013-07-31 11:56
comments: true
categories: [Meeting Minutes] 
---
###Baynton Hill Neighbors Association
####July 30, 2013
#####In Attendance: Amanda Staples, Matt McFarland, Chris & Helen Nicholson, Ross Henessey, Tom, Alexa, Rick, Dorsey

####Agenda
#####5345 Baynton St 
* We believe Michael Holland has a successful bid on the Baynton St lot.
* Glenn Bergman is still interested in the lot, but we have not heard directly from him.

#####Wister Station
  * Septa/City came by and cleaned up the Rufe St approach to the Wister Station
  * Ross wants a sign to indicate the station entrance

#####House for Sale
  * Our friends at 410 E Bringhurst are selling their house.  Polling for interest.

#####BayntonHill.org
  * Matt is putting together a website to host our meeting notes.
  * Are email addresses available for officers? - Yes
  * We should put up a form for people to sign up.

#####RCO with City
  * Bylaws, schedule, boundaries are required.
  * We need to pick a recurring date for meetings so the city can post on their calendar. 
    * First Tuesday of the month, skip Aug 6th

#####Issues with draft/current bylaws
  * Consensus votes - should apply to all decisions, 
  * Voting Memberships: A membership list should be kept which defines the voting members, which require meeting attendence (50% of meetings in last 6 months)
  * Non-voting, generally interested in the group and meet eligibility requirements
  * Quorum Requirement for Vote  
  * Lower the age requirments to 16
  * Presidental term limits? Debated no confidence votes vs regular elections.
  * Election of Officers: Majority Vote
  * Change of Bylaws: Consensus - 1
  * Dispensing of Funds: Consensus - 1
  * All things but elections: Consensus - 1
  * Quorum Amount: 51% of Voting Members must be present for a vote
  * Membership/Attendance lists must be kept at each meeting
  * Term Limits: tabled until next meeting

#####Group Expansion
  * Empower the group to invite neighbors to our meetings

#####Neighborhood Potluck
  * Sept. 15th, 2013 - before dark (5pm)
  * Front yard BBQ/Picnic

#####Wakefield Block captain was contacted: Florence Palmer

#####Discussed helping as a group with the derilict house next to Tom (143 E Coulter St)

*Next meeting: 9/3/2013*

#####Action Items
  * (Amanda, Matt) Gun Violence form letter
  * (Matt) Email address/system
  * People will contact lawyerly people for help
  * Can we use relaim philly for "hotspot" map?
