<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<feed xmlns="http://www.w3.org/2005/Atom">

  <title><![CDATA[Category: Meeting Minutes | Baynton Hill Neighbors Association]]></title>
  <link href="http://mmcfarland.github.io/bayntonhill/blog/categories/meeting-minutes/atom.xml" rel="self"/>
  <link href="http://mmcfarland.github.io/bayntonhill/"/>
  <updated>2013-07-31T12:15:51-04:00</updated>
  <id>http://mmcfarland.github.io/bayntonhill/</id>
  <author>
    <name><![CDATA[BHNA]]></name>
    <email><![CDATA[info@bayntonhill.org]]></email>
  </author>
  <generator uri="http://octopress.org/">Octopress</generator>

  
  <entry>
    <title type="html"><![CDATA[Meeting Minutes: July 30th]]></title>
    <link href="http://mmcfarland.github.io/bayntonhill/blog/2013/07/31/meeting-minutes-july-30th/"/>
    <updated>2013-07-31T11:56:00-04:00</updated>
    <id>http://mmcfarland.github.io/bayntonhill/blog/2013/07/31/meeting-minutes-july-30th</id>
    <content type="html"><![CDATA[<h3>Baynton Hill Neighbors Association</h3>

<h4>July 30, 2013</h4>

<h5>In Attendance: Amanda Staples, Matt McFarland, Chris &amp; Helen Nicholson, Ross Henessey, Tom, Alexa, Rick, Dorsey</h5>

<h4>Agenda</h4>

<h5>5345 Baynton St</h5>

<ul>
<li>We believe Michael Holland has a successful bid on the Baynton St lot.</li>
<li>Glenn Bergman is still interested in the lot, but we have not heard directly from him.</li>
</ul>


<h5>Wister Station</h5>

<ul>
<li>Septa/City came by and cleaned up the Rufe St approach to the Wister Station</li>
<li>Ross wants a sign to indicate the station entrance</li>
</ul>


<h5>House for Sale</h5>

<ul>
<li>Our friends at 410 E Bringhurst are selling their house.  Polling for interest.</li>
</ul>


<p>BayntonHill.org
* Matt is putting together a website to host our meeting notes.
* Are email addresses available for officers? &ndash; Yes
* We should put up a form for people to sign up.</p>

<p>RCO with City
* Bylaws, schedule, boundaries are required.
* We need to pick a recurring date for meetings so the city can post on their calendar.</p>

<pre><code>* First Tuesday of the month, skip Aug 6th
</code></pre>

<p>Issues with draft/current bylaws
* Consensus votes &ndash; should apply to all decisions,
* Voting Memberships: A membership list should be kept which defines the voting members, which require meeting attendence (50% of meetings in last 6 months)
* Non-voting, generally interested in the group and meet eligibility requirements
* Quorum Requirement for Vote<br/>
* Lower the age requirments to 16
* Presidental term limits? Debated no confidence votes vs regular elections.
* Election of Officers: Majority Vote
* Change of Bylaws: Consensus &ndash; 1
* Dispensing of Funds: Consensus &ndash; 1
* All things but elections: Consensus &ndash; 1
* Quorum Amount: 51% of Voting Members must be present for a vote
* Membership/Attendance lists must be kept at each meeting
* Term Limits: tabled until next meeting</p>

<p>Group Expansion
* Empower the group to invite neighbors to our meetings</p>

<p>Neighborhood Potluck
* Sept. 15th, 2013 &ndash; before dark (5pm)
* Front yard BBQ/Picnic</p>

<p>Wakefield Block captain was contacted: Florence Palmer</p>

<p>Discussed helping as a group with the derilict house next to Tom (143 E Coulter St)</p>

<p>Next meeting: 9/3/2013</p>

<p>Action Items
* (Amanda, Matt) Gun Violence form letter
* (Matt) Email address/system
* People will contact lawyerly people for help
* Can we use relaim philly for &ldquo;hotspot&rdquo; map?</p>
]]></content>
  </entry>
  
  <entry>
    <title type="html"><![CDATA[Meeting Minutes: June 13th]]></title>
    <link href="http://mmcfarland.github.io/bayntonhill/blog/2013/06/14/meeting-minutes-june-13th/"/>
    <updated>2013-06-14T18:48:00-04:00</updated>
    <id>http://mmcfarland.github.io/bayntonhill/blog/2013/06/14/meeting-minutes-june-13th</id>
    <content type="html"><![CDATA[<h3>Baynton Hill Neighbors Association</h3>

<h4>June 13, 2013</h4>

<h5>In Attendance: Amanda Staples, Matt McFarland, Chris &amp; Helen Nicholson, Ross Henessey, Tom ???, Darcy</h5>

<h4>What do you like and dislike about your neighborhood?</h4>

<p>Things people like
: Quiet, Trees, Friendliness of neighbors, Old architecture, Contrast of City/Country look and feel</p>

<p>Things people don&rsquo;t like
: Violence, blight, stupid street trees, trash/litter, lack of resturants</p>

<h4>Agenda Items</h4>

<ul>
<li><p>We would like to finally approve the bylaws.  The city has possibly changed the applicaiton process to be a little easier.</p>

<ul>
<li>Reviewed the proposed bylaws</li>
<li>By next meeting (July) we will formalize a document, feedback is requested by the end of June</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li><p>5345 baynton St (Empty Lot).</p>

<ul>
<li>Michael Holland is moving into Penn St awaiting his negotiations with the city on this lot.</li>
<li>Glen B. has expressed interest in the lot as well and was upset to discover there were plans in the works for it.</li>
<li>We encourage attendence at BHNA meetings to discuss these issues.</li>
<li>The group has no formal response or endorsement, however we can act as a forum to hear plans and provide individual feedback.</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li><p>Block Captain</p>

<ul>
<li>Ross has not gotten his signature yet for his candidacy, so no movement yet</li>
<li>Coulter St captain could not be located, no official captain is registered</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li><p>Gun Violence</p>

<ul>
<li>Shooting on Wakefield/Coulter.</li>
<li>Apparently shooting started blocks away and continued to Wakefield.  Police reported no injuries.</li>
<li>Wondering what we can do, options aren&rsquo;t apparent. We&rsquo;d like to send letters to those in the city whose jobs regard public safety.</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li><p>Contacts in local apartment</p>

<ul>
<li>The current group members would like to establish more contacts with the residents of the apartments on the block</li>
<li>Should we have a block party/neighborhood party?</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li><p>Road Construction (New Pipes)</p>

<ul>
<li>New gas line on Church Ln on Baynton Ave.</li>
<li>We don&rsquo;t know how much construction, or how long it will last, or what the street closures will be like.</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li><p>234 E Penn St Auction</p>

<ul>
<li>Up for auction on June 2?.  The Jukowski&rsquo;s are interested in attending to see what happens and possibly make a bid</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li><p>Email policy</p>

<ul>
<li>Privacy policy for emails, no change.  Emails will remain public.</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li><p>The art work on Rufe St is covered with weeds, we&rsquo;d like to free them up again</p></li>
<li>Announcment for the &ldquo;Imperfect Gallery&rdquo;&rsquo;s fundraising effort.</li>
<li><p>Maplewood mall has several events the next two weekends regarding Juneteenth and also the revitalization of the mall.</p></li>
<li><p>Proposed new meeting date: Monday July 15th, 7pm</p></li>
</ul>


<h3>Action Items:</h3>

<ul>
<li>(Matt) Make a map of our boundaries for the bylaws document</li>
<li>(All) Review bylaws document and provide feedback via email by July 1st</li>
<li>(Ross) Check Wakefield, Penn, Lena St block captains</li>
<li>(Matt) Draft letters for local politician regarding our conern for gun violence</li>
<li>(Matt) Chop up some weeds around the art work on Rufe St</li>
</ul>

]]></content>
  </entry>
  
  <entry>
    <title type="html"><![CDATA[Meeting Minutes: March 28th]]></title>
    <link href="http://mmcfarland.github.io/bayntonhill/blog/2013/03/28/meeting-minutes-march-28th/"/>
    <updated>2013-03-28T19:04:00-04:00</updated>
    <id>http://mmcfarland.github.io/bayntonhill/blog/2013/03/28/meeting-minutes-march-28th</id>
    <content type="html"><![CDATA[<h3>Baynton Hill Neighbors Association</h3>

<h4>March 28th, 2013</h4>

<h5>Attendance: Chris &amp; Helen, Matt &amp; Amanda, Ross, Chris &amp; Emile, P., Rick &amp; Alexa, Tom, Dorcey, Alice(?)</h5>

<h4>Agenda</h4>

<ul>
<li><p>Ross was “nominated” for Block Captain, he will look into 200 block of E. Coulter to see if there is one.</p></li>
<li><p>AVI discussion of how the new tax structure is affecting the local undeveloped land.  GKG farm and Paulmier’s woodlot are increasing beyond generally considered market values.  We will discuss possible actions we could take as a group.</p></li>
<li><p>Michael Holland’s proposal was discussed.  There is lingering concern over development of open space.  No decisions have been arrived at.</p></li>
<li><p>Alexa revised the bylaws.  The boundaries of the group are still in question.  How should we approach reaching out to residents of the proposed boundaries?  A smaller area would be easier to manage and have less interaction with the commercial issues of Germantown and Chelten Ave.  However, there are some members who are very interested in being involved in the commercial aspect.    Trying to avoid an overlap with Wakefield 49ers, we are leaning towards Bringhurst to Church, Rail Road tracks to Lena</p></li>
<li><p>Anti dumping regulations are being discussed out of Cindy Bass’ office.  We want to support the measure.</p></li>
<li><p>Chris N is officially “against dumping”</p></li>
<li><p>Robberies at 5313 Baynton.  2 cars were broken into in the house parking lot.  Several bikes and other items were taken from the porch, house window was broken.  We’re hoping for more communication on the block.  Adding additional motion detecting lights, getting to know people.</p></li>
<li><p>City wide clean-up, April 13th.  Tires on Rufe st are gone, no one knows who’s taken.  We’d like to focus on Rufe St by the tracks.  Alexa will take the lead to organize with city officials.  Dorcey will make fliers, and we’ll distribute.  Amanda will do wakefield.  Helen will get Queen Lane, Alice(?) will do her apartment, Alexa will do the train area. Chris P. will do Penn St.</p></li>
<li><p>It was brought  up as a reminder that John’s Market is a good resource to have and to keep in mind when considering your shopping needs.</p></li>
</ul>

]]></content>
  </entry>
  
  <entry>
    <title type="html"><![CDATA[Meeting Minutes: February 28th]]></title>
    <link href="http://mmcfarland.github.io/bayntonhill/blog/2013/02/14/meeting-minutes-february-28th/"/>
    <updated>2013-02-14T19:13:00-05:00</updated>
    <id>http://mmcfarland.github.io/bayntonhill/blog/2013/02/14/meeting-minutes-february-28th</id>
    <content type="html"><![CDATA[<h3>Baynton Hill Neighbors Association</h3>

<h4>February 28th, 2013</h4>

<h5>In attendance: Tom, Dorsey, Chris, Rick, Alexa, Matt, Michael, Ross</h5>

<h4>Agenda</h4>

<ul>
<li>Michael seeks support for 5345 Baynton St, details plans for a small house to be built on the property. Strong concern about losing a natural area, also about other potential and less desirable uses that may come for the lot now that there is a process in place. Thanks to Michael for coming to speak with us</li>
</ul>


<p><a href="https://docs.google.com/file/d/0B27S4SbwTwOGMWtEZUVjYy1WUmM/edit?usp=sharing">Link to Michael&rsquo;s letter</a></p>

<ul>
<li><p>APRIS truck has pre-emptively moved away, although there is some concern that the owner suspects neighbors may have damaged the truck.</p></li>
<li><p>RCO &ndash; Boundaries discussion, do not want to overlap with Wakefield 49ers.  Chelten Ave, Germantown, Queen Lane to train tracks.  Alexa will update the bylaws for the next meeting.</p></li>
<li><p>Clean-up, March 23rd.  Ross will find out who can deal with the tire situation.</p></li>
<li><p>Matt showed the <a href="http://lti.planphilly.com">L&amp;I Violation map</a></p></li>
<li><p>Ross suggests a map with a boundary which we can annotate.</p></li>
<li><p>Dorsey brought up some howling dogs in the area, to see if anyone knows where they’re coming from.  We suspect maybe from Church Ln direction.</p></li>
<li><p>Flyers for the block cleanup?  Dorsey was volunteered to come with one.</p></li>
</ul>


<p><em>Next meeting: March 28th at 5318 Baynton St. 7:00pm.</em></p>
]]></content>
  </entry>
  
</feed>
